adding more meta documentation (#395)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry: validation/README.md

# validation

This directory contains the golang validation checks that chains run against.

> The [validation_test.go](validation/validation_test.go) file is the entry point of the tests. It determines to run the universal and additions tests for Standard Candidates and Standard chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [validation_test.go](validation/validation_test.go) file is the entry point of the tests. It runs a different set of tests for each class of chain (Frontier, Standard Candidate and Standard).
```
